### These are the Built-In Functions for any Grafana Data Source

New functions can be added by creating a new assembly that contains the function implementations and dropping it in the host application folder, commonly wherever the `GrafanaAdapters.dll` assembly is located. The host application will automatically load any assemblies that implement the [`IGrafanaFunction`](../IGrafanaFunction.cs) interface and make them available to all Grafana data source implementations.

Any new function must implement the [`IGrafanaFunction`](../IGrafanaFunction.cs) interface. An easy way to do this is to inherit from the [`GrafanaFunctionBase`](../GrafanaFunctionBase.cs) class.

Note that your function must be specific to a data source value type, i.e., `struct` types that implement the interface called [`IDataSourceValueType`](../../DataSourceValueTypes/IDataSourceValueType.cs). See [BuiltIn Data Source Value Types](../../DataSourceValueTypes/BuiltIn) for the built-in data source value types.

It is possible to create multiple implementations of the same function for various different data source value types, and sometimes this may be necessary, e.g., if the function requires access to specific data source value type properties in order to perform its function or it is otherwise optimal to do so; see the [`Average`](./Average.cs) function for an example of this. In many cases, however, you can also use a single implementation for multiple data source value types by taking advantage of the `IDataSourceValueType` interface. This interface is implemented by all data source value types and provides access to key values such as the primary value of the type and its timestamp. There are many examples of functions in this folder do this, e.g., the [`AbsoluteValue`](./AbsoluteValue.cs) and [`Last`](./Last.cs) functions. The pattern for these built-in functions is to create an abstract class that inherits from `GrafanaFunctionBase`, thus implementing the required `IGrafanaFunction` interface, and then defining derived classes for each data source value type. This keeps the code in the same file for easier maintenance.
